# Suppressing Optional Information on Demand

*Source: https://learning.sap.com/courses/developing-an-sap-fiori-elements-app-based-on-a-cap-odata-v4-service/suppressing-optional-information-on-demand_f8b1a28c-c499-402b-a4e5-04d40da734c5*

Objective
After completing this lesson, you will be able to help the user identify the most important information by initially hiding the additional information.
## Display the Travel Administrative Data Subsection on Demand (by Adding the Show More Button)
To help users focus on the most important information, you may sometimes choose to hide additional information at first. When it is hidden, the _Show More_ button will appear instead. Selecting the button will reveal the additional information.
### Task Flow
In this exercise, you will use the Page Editor to create a new subsection in the _General Information_ section of the _Travel Object_ page. It will contain the following fields: _Created On_ , _Changed On_ , and _Created By_. Finally, you will enable the _Display on Demand_ setting for this subsection.
### Prerequisites
You have completed the exercise Add Dependent Filtering to the Value Help of the Fields in the unit Configuring the Body of the Object Page (lesson: Enriching Value Help with Dependent Filtering). Alternatively, you can check out its solution branch: [solution/add-value-help-for-dependent-filtering](https://github.com/SAP-samples/fiori-elements-v4-cap-advanced/tree/solution/add-value-help-for-dependent-filtering).
### Watch the Simulation and Perform the Steps
This exercise contains a simulation that takes you through all the steps described below. You can follow the simulation and perform the steps using your own trial account.
Exercise[Start Exercise](https://learnsap.enable-now.cloud.sap/pub/mmcp/index.html?show=project!PR_A672285177D6389C:uebung)
### Steps
  1. Create a subsection.
    1. Select fiori-elements-V4-cap-advanced from _Projects_ and choose _Show Page Map_ from the context menu.
    2. Open the object page of the _Travel_ entity and add a new subsection at _General Information_ > _Subsection_ > _Add Form Section_.
    3. In the _Add Form Section_ window, enter **Travel Administrative Data** as a label text. Then choose the button next to the _Label_ field. This will generate a text key in the i18n file and will replace the existing label with the newly generated key.
    4. Expand your new subsection.
  2. Add fields to your subsection.
    1. In your new subsection, choose _Form_ > _Fields_ > _Add Basic Fields_.
    2. Select the following fields from the dropdown menu: createdAt, createdBy, and LastChangedAt and choose _Add_.
    3. Your new fields are now visible in the _Travel Administrative Data_ subsection.
  3. Make the subsection visible on demand.
    1. Select the _Travel Administrative Data_ subsection.
    2. In the right window, enable the _Display on Demand_ setting.
  4. Return to the app to check the results.
    1. Open the app. Note that the _Travel Administrative Data_ subsection is hidden and there's a _Show More_ button.
    2. Select the _Show More_ button; the subsection is now visible. Select _Show Less_ to hide it again.
  5. You can also check the code generated by the Page Editor.
    1. An @UI.FieldGroup annotation with the i18nTravelAdministrativeData qualifier has been added to the Travel entity.
Sample code:
Code Snippet
Copy codeSwitch to dark mode

```

1234567891011121314151617

annotate TravelService.Travel with @(UI.FieldGroup #i18nTravelAdministrativeData: {
    $Type: 'UI.FieldGroupType',
    Data : [
        {
            $Type: 'UI.DataField',
            Value: createdAt,
        },
        {
            $Type: 'UI.DataField',
            Value: LastChangedAt,
        },
        {
            $Type: 'UI.DataField',
            Value: createdBy,
        },
    ],
});

```

    2. A new reference facet has been added to the object page.
Sample code
Code Snippet
Copy codeSwitch to dark mode

```

1234567

                {
                    $Type               : 'UI.ReferenceFacet',
                    Label               : '{i18n>TravelAdministrativeData}',
                    ID                  : 'i18nTravelAdministrativeData',
                    Target              : '@UI.FieldGroup#i18nTravelAdministrativeData',
                    ![@UI.PartOfPreview]: false,
                }

```

The annotation [@UI.PartOfPreview] : false means the subsection will only be displayed if the user selects the _Show More_ button.
In this exercise, you have made an entire subsection (reference facet) visible on demand. You can also hide fields inside a reference facet. In this case, the _Show Details_ and _Hide Details_ buttons will be displayed. For more information, see [Showing and Hiding Content in Object Page Facets](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/9fcea86d8ffd48459dd053eb5255a046).

### Result
You have learned how to use the Page Editor to add a new section or subsection and hide it using the _Display on Demand_ setting. You can also hide separate fields inside a section or subsection.
Note
  * You can find the solution for this exercise on [GitHub](https://github.com/SAP-samples/fiori-elements-v4-cap-advanced).
  * The solution branch is [solution/add-show-more-button-on-op](https://github.com/SAP-samples/fiori-elements-v4-cap-advanced/tree/solution/add-show-more-button-on-op).
  * You can see the code changes compared to the previous branch on [GitHub](https://github.com/SAP-samples/fiori-elements-v4-cap-advanced/compare/solution/add-value-help-for-dependent-filtering..solution/add-show-more-button-on-op).

### Next Steps
For more information, see:
  * [Defining and Adapting Sections](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/facfea09018d4376acaceddb7e3f03b6)
  * [Showing and Hiding Content in Object Page Facets](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/9fcea86d8ffd48459dd053eb5255a046)
