# Using Extension Points

*Source: https://learning.sap.com/courses/getting-started-with-creating-an-sap-fiori-elements-app-based-on-an-odata-v4-rap-service/using-extension-points*

Objective
After completing this lesson, you will be able to integrate front-end components that are not available with Annotations.
## Extension Points
SAP Fiori elements framework is based on SAPUI5 technology. You may be familiar with the [Model View Controller](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/91f233476f4d1014b6dd926db0e91070.html) concept in SAPUI5.
In the _view_ , you can define the UI controls to be used in the UI.
The _controller_ contains methods that define how models and views interact.
A _model_ holds the data and provides methods to retrieve the data from the database and to set and update the data.
Thus, in a freestyle SAPUI5 app, you have to define the views and implement the methods needed in the controllers, for example, an event handler for a button if a user selects a button.
SAP Fiori elements framework generates views at runtime based on the predefined floorplans and your app-specific metadata and annotations. Thus, in the standard SAP Fiori elements applications, you do not have any static views or controllers in your project in the development environment.
If you use the extension points, a static xml fragment has to be added to the webapp/ext folder of your project. If needed, a controller will also be added. The Page Editor can generate both files, including an ext folder if not present yet.
Extension points are containers provided by SAP Fiori elements framework, which hook into the standard SAP Fiori elements runtime. There, you can add your specific UI controls or behaviors using the standard SAPUI5 programming model based on HTML5 and JavaScript.
In custom extensions, you can provide features that SAP Fiori elements does not offer, for example, process diagrams or maps.
Note: you can find the list of all extension points provided by SAP Fiori elements at [Overview of Extension Points](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/test-resources/sap/fe/core/fpmExplorer/index.html#/customElements/customElementsOverview)
## Add a Custom Section to the Object Page
In this exercise, you will add a custom section containing your custom code to the object page body that will display a geo map.
### Prerequisites
You have completed the exercise Add Plane Details Section to the Subobject Page Body in the unit Configuring Object Pages (lesson: Configuring Sections of the Object Page Body).
### Watch the Simulation and Perform the Steps
This exercise contains a simulation that takes you through detailed steps. You can find all the steps after the simulation. You can follow the simulation and perform the steps using your own trial account.
Exercise[Start Exercise](https://learnsap.enable-now.cloud.sap/pub/mmcp/index.html?show=project!PR_F3E78A1C20EDD9A4:uebung)
### Steps
  1. Open SAP Business Application Studio.
  2. Right-click _webapp_ from your _travels_ project.
  3. Choose the _Show Page Map_ option from the subsequent menu.
  4. Select the edit icon for _TravelObjectPage_ from the _Page Editor_.
  5. Select the add icon for the _Sections_ row.
  6. Select _Add Custom Section_ from the list.
  7. Enter **Itinerary** in the _Title_ field of the _Add Custom Section_ dialog box.
  8. Select the global icon from the _Title_ field.
  9. Select _Apply_ from the subsequent popup.
  10. Enter **GeoMap** in the _Fragment Name_ field.
  11. Select the dropdown for the _Anchor Section_ field.
  12. Choose _Bookings (ID:i18nbookings)_ from the list.
  13. Select _Add_ from the _Add Custom Section_ dialog box. A custom section _Itinerary_ is created.
  14. You can see that an _ext_ subfolder has been added to the _webapp_ folder.
  15. Expand the _ext_ folder.
  16. Select _GoeMap.fragment.xml_ from the list.
  17. You can see some sample code generated by the _Page Editor_.
  18. You can replace the content with your custom code. The provided example creates a geo map with hard-coded values. In a real application, the geo map data would be exposed by the back end service and bound against the control.
Code Snippet
Copy codeSwitch to dark mode

```

1234567891011121314151617181920212223

<core:FragmentDefinition xmlns:core="sap.ui.core"
    xmlns="sap.m"
    xmlns:macros="sap.fe.macros"
    xmlns:vbm="sap.ui.vbm"
    displayBlock="true">

   <VBox>
     <vbm:AnalyticMap width="100%" xmlns:l="sap.ui.layout" height="600px" initialPosition="-47.48339103742949; 48.70365903454684;0" initialZoom="2" class="sapUiMediumMarginTop">
        <vbm:vos>
            <vbm:Routes>
                <vbm:Route position="8.682127;50.110924;0; -73.780968;40.641766;0" color="rgb(204,0,0)" colorBorder="rgb(255,255,255)" linewidth="3" routetype="Geodesic" />
                <vbm:Route position="-73.780968;40.641766;0; -122.389977;37.615223;0" color="rgb(255,128,0)" colorBorder="rgb(255,255,255)" linewidth="3" routetype="Geodesic" />
                <vbm:Route position="-122.389977;37.615223;0; 8.682127;50.110924;0" color="rgb(0,153,76)" colorBorder="rgb(255,255,255)" linewidth="3" routetype="Geodesic" />
            </vbm:Routes>
            <vbm:Spots>
                <vbm:Spot position="8.682127;50.110924;0" tooltip="Frankfurt am Main (FRA)" labelType="Default" labelText="Frankfurt am Main (FRA)" labelPos="5" />
                <vbm:Spot position="-73.780968;40.641766;0" tooltip="New York (JFK)" labelType="Default" labelText="New York (JFK)" labelPos="5" />
                <vbm:Spot position="-122.389977;37.615223;0" tooltip="San Francisco (SFO)" labelType="Default" labelText="San Francisco (SFO)" labelPos="5" />
            </vbm:Spots>
        </vbm:vos>
    </vbm:AnalyticMap>
    </VBox>
</core:FragmentDefinition>

```

  19. You can see the errors that IDs are missing for the UI controls. Select the row <vbm: AnalyticMap of the code.
  20. Select the _Quick Fix_ icon from the code.
  21. Choose _Generate IDs for the entire file_ option from the list. The IDs are generated for all the UI controls.
  22. Switch to the app preview in your browser.
  23. Select _Itinerary_ tab from the object page. You can see the geo map that you have added in a custom section.

### Result
You successfully added a custom section containing your custom code to the object page body. You viewed the geo map in your new section.
Note
You can find the solution for this exercise on [GitHub](https://github.com/SAP-samples/fiori-elements-v4-rap-learning-journey/blob/main/Fiori%20Elements%20App%20Based%20on%20an%20V4%20RAP%20Service/unit10ExaminingTheFlexibleProgrammingModel/lesson2UsingExtensionPoints/exercise1AddACustomSectionToTheObjectPage.md).
